Expand specification of operators (#196)
biscuit-auth/biscuit: SPECIFICATIONS.md

| TryOr                 | `x.try_or(y)`       | 3.3                | (closure, all types) _see try_or_                | all types
| Ffi                   | _see FFI_           | 3.3                | all types                                        | all types

Behavior:

- **LessThan:** Returns whether the left operand is less than the right operand
- **GreaterThan:** Returns whether the left operand is greater than the right operand
- **LessThanOrEqual:** Returns whether the left operand is less than or equal the right operand
- **GreaterThanOrEqual:** Returns whether the left operand is greater than or equal the right operand
- **Equal:** Returns whether the operands are equal; throws a type error if the operands have
  different types
- **NotEqual:** Returns whether the operands are not equal; throws a type error if the operands have
  different types
- **HeterogeneousEqual:** Returns whether the operands are equal; returns false if the operands have
  different types
- **HeterogeneousNotEqual:** Returns whether the operands are not equal; returns false if the

>   operands have different types

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be "returns true if operands have different types?"

> - **Contains:** For strings, returns whether the righ toperand is a substring of the left operand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Contains:** For strings, returns whether the right operand is a substring of the left operand.
```

  For sets, arrays, and maps, returns whether the right operand is an element of the left operand;

>   if the right and left operands are both sets, returns whether the right operand is a a subset of

Reviewer: I'd move this one above the preceding since the one above is more general than this one

  the left operand.
- **Prefix:** Returns whether the right operand is a prefix of the left operand
- **Suffix:** Returns whether the right operand is a suffix of the left operand
- **Regex:** Interpreting the right operand as a regex, returns whether it matches the left operand
- **Add:** On integer operands, adds them together; on string operands concatenates them. _(see overflow)_
- **Sub:** Subtracts the right operand from the left operand. _(see overflow)_
- **Mul:** Multiplies the operands together. _(see overflow)_
- **Div:** Divides the left operand by the right operand. _(see overflow)_
- **And:** Returns whether both operands are true. _(see overflow)_

> - **Or:** Returns whether either operand is true. _(see overflow)_

Reviewer: Is eager or susceptible to overflow?

Author: No, but my adding notes to the list of operators is (meant to apply only to the arithmetic operators and overflowed into the boolean operators)

- **Union:** Returns the set union of the two operands
- **BitwiseAnd:** Returns the bitwise and of the two operands
- **BitwiseOr:** Returns the bitwise or of the two operands
- **BitwiseXor:** Returns the bitwise xor of the two operands
- **All:** Returns whether the closure evaluates to true against all elements in the collection;
  must short circuit if the closure evaluates to false against any element. For sets and arrays, the
  closure takes a single argument (the element of the collection); for maps, the closure takes two
  (both the key and its associated value).
- **Any:** Returns whether the closure evaluates to true against any element of the collection;
  must short circuit if the closure evaluates to true against any element. For sets and arrays, the
  closure takes a single argument (the element of the collection); for maps, the closure takes two
  (both the key and its associated value).
- **Get:** Returns the value under that key (for arrays, the integer index into the array; for maps,
  the key in the map).
- **TryOr:** Evaluates the left operand; if it evaluates without error, returns the value it

>   evaluates to. If it throws any error, swallows that error and evaluates to the right operand.

Reviewer: Note: if the right operand throws an error, it will always result in an error, even if the left operand evaluates successfully

- **FFI:** Calls that FFI function _(see FFI)_

##### Equality

Prior to version 3.3, the `==` and `!=` syntax evaluated to `Equal` and `NotEqual`, rather than
their heterogeneous equivalent.

##### And/Or

Prior to version 3.3, the `&&` and `||` syntax evaluated to `And` and `Or`, rather than their lazy
equivalent.

Though the lazy operators take a closure as their right operand, no closure appears in the surface
syntax in Datalog. Instead, the right hand expression is compiled as if it were the body of a
closure with no arguments.

##### Overflow

The integer arithmetic operators (add, sub, mul, div) all check for overflow. The expression
overflows, it must fail and an evaluation error must occur.

##### TryOr

Though the left operand of TryOr is a closure, no closure appears in the surface syntax in Datalog.
Instead, the left hand expression is compiled as if it were the body of a closure with no arguments.

##### FFI

> FFI calls are implementation defined. Each carry a function name which is mapped to a user-defined

Reviewer 2: maybe this needs a clear warning that users must make sure that all implementations work exactly in the same way. This seems obvious, but has been the source of a lot of policy engine issues, especially when used across different languages
